-Madam President, I ask
unanimous consent
that the Senate proceed
to the immediate consideration
of calendar number five --
HR 21 --
Making appropriations
for the fiscal year
ending September 30, 2019.
I further ask that the bill
be considered read a third time
and passed in a motion
to be considered made
and laid upon the table with no
intervening action or debate.
-The president opposes
piecemeal appropriations
that neglect border security
and would veto them.
So obviously, that isn't
gonna be come law.
So this proposal flunks
the Democratic leaders
on test of a few days ago.
So, look, the political stunts
are not gonna get us anywhere.
Senate Democrats should stop
blocking the Senate
from taking up
other urgent matters,
like the pending bills
concerning Israel
and the Syrian civil war.
In previous
government shutdowns,
the Senate's done business.
The Senate hasn't been
shut down.
So that's what we ought
to be doing.
And actually, at the same time,
negotiate with the president
on border security
because nothing else
is gonna get a solution.
Therefore I object.
-We passed the bill
that I asked unanimous consent.
Basically, that's been passed
near-unanimously by this body --
92-6 for these
appropriations passed.
The last time I checked
the Constitution,
that's enough even
for a veto override.
I don't think
anything has changed.
These bills have
nothing to do --
zero to do with
Homeland Security wall issue.
Zero!
So why doesn't our distinguished
majority leader,
as the leader of a co-equal
branch of government,
allow us to speak on behalf
of our responsibilities
under Article
I of the Constitution?
Let us take our action
that we can take right now,
today, at this very moment
and pass six appropriation bills
where there's no controversy
whatsoever in this body.
-As I've said, Madam President,
repeatedly,
it won't solve the problem
because the president's made it
clear he won't sign them.
-I would just say three words to
my friend the majority leader.
Open the government.
It's in your hands.
I yield the floor.